---
path: "/privacy-policy/"
title: "Privacy Policy"
---

# Privacy Policy

John Hannagan built the Cardo app and Cardo Website as an Open Source software. This SERVICE is provided by John Hannagan at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. We would like to inform you about the management of your personal data in accordance with Art. 13, 14 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using the Website or Application, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

- [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
- [Google Analytics](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
- [Expo](https://expo.io/privacy)

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

The app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

## Google Analytics

Google Analytics is used to guage interest and demand on the website and product. It is only present in the website, and is not used in the mobile application.

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your end device and can be read by us. In this way, we are able to recognize and count returning visitors. This data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR and in the interest of finding out how often our website is viewed by different users.

Google Analytics uses temporary cookies that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The stored data about the use of our website, including your IP address (“usage data”), is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We would like to point out that `anonymiseIP` is set to true on our website in order to guarantee anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). By activating IP anonymization on our website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Google will use the information mentioned to evaluate your use of our website, to compile reports on website activity for us and to provide us with other services related to the use of the website and the Internet. A transfer of this data by Google to third parties only takes place on the basis of legal regulations. Data is retained for 26 months.

Processing will only occur with prior consent, and you can withdraw your consent to the processing at any time. Please use one of the following options:

- You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you proceed accordingly you may not be able to benefit from the full functionality of this website.
- You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following [link](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
- As an alternative to opting out from being tracked by Google Analytics you can also click the following link. An opt-out cookie will be stored, which means that no web analysis will take place as long as the opt-out cookie is stored by your browser. [Click here to opt out of the processing of your data by Google Analytics.](/opt-out)

## Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

## Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services; or
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

## Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-04-25

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at cardo.application@gmail.com.
